we continue in the university stadium a
beauty atmosphere of joy of
enthusiasm with all the kids who
studied the presentation of the school
humanistic removes what level of music
it really allows you to tell the fabulous
presentation of the humanistic school
he removed they went through enough
dancers presenting the
Bastoneras almost for eras spectacular the
presentation of the humanistic school
removed we want to thank the government of
the province of pichincha for the support
the live band intercollegiate peace
thanks to the ministry of education that
has endorsed all this intercollegiate
we also have to thank the
metropolitan security secretary
within it the metropolitan police
the fire department of quito agency
metropolitan transit is
collaborating with the national police that
has a safety plan inside and
outside the university stadium many
thanks to the central university for
allow us to enter this scenario
wonderful where are we develop
this festival of peace bands either
thanks to the university Mr. rector to
dean of
physical to all thank you very much for
receive us thanks to radio pichincha
universal that has also supported us
and of course to the educating foundation
of players thanks to all of us
come to you in this intercollegiate
but I want to thank you
very special before passing all maría
josé hidalgo to all the staff to everything
the technical team of ccoo warns that day
a day has been since very early and
working very hard from 4 in the
tomorrow preparing everything and could one to
point to bring you friends
viewers the emotions of the
intercollegiate of bands live the peace but
we go with emotions precisely with
several of six something forward
It is red and white with people
of the sea ​​efe the one that trabelsi not
exclusions with
they also want to win this
intercollegiate that you can also
participate as well as see each other
course by the ecuavisa screen with
the intercollegiate hashtag live the peace to
through twitter and in our networks
can support their school
favorite and now it's the turn of the sea in
the one that recorded we're going to watch the video of
great final
the maría angélica idrobo school was born
42 years inside the facilities
of the educational establishment manuela
Canizares located on 6th Avenue
December north of Quito
since then its traditional colors
they sheltered thousands of promotions
student of quito well tells us
go to rosemary his rector the school
focused on forming this type of women
entrepreneurs who commented on the change to
society level for four
years he idrovo settled in the new
building located in the sector of
county was built by the government
national in a field of four
hectares delivered by the municipality of
I remove now it is called unit
educational of the millennium now the sea ​​and
angelica idrobo is the model considered
at the national level an educational unit
reference model as I said about
everything in what is initial education
recognized for its excellence in
study the idrovo school advances account
with international baccalaureate a
very important element for your 4,400
Students and students who feel
proud to wear this uniform its
fundamental objective is to train leaders
with values to improve society are
traditionally known as
firemen and today also firemen is so
nice to feel united
and support our school and
represent them about kitchen
the wolf is a reference of the
city
and it's coming out they would be Maria
angelic idrobo dear that vanity with
everything not with little firemen with
small dancers and also the
smaller dialogue a thank you
for parents and staff
teacher that in finalizing all the
details from there are the little ones the
firemen and firemen of idrovo
so we are then directly with the
participation they will interpret to
see if there devil huma and dagger is a
mosaic there comes the drug
it is public attention that they come and had
attention lucky boys no longer 12 ya
the 3 is true that the bands and that
live
point
Y
ah
I am